Workshops help a great lot in learning programming because it is where I put into use all that I have read. 
It makes me understand what the commands do and how they must be used and laid out in order to successfully create the needed programs. 
I must admit I am still getting the hang of C programming.
It is very interesting that in this lesson, I have learned about pseudo-coding, iteration constructs, and of course, debugging and testing my program.

 All three are of utmost importance in creating effective solutions. 
When I first learned about pseudo-coding, it made it a lot easier to construct the process of what I wanted my program to do. 
Pseudo-coding gave my program a structure and it helped me identify the different pieces I need to create, in order to solve the problem.
I can also translate this into a more defined step-by-step process, like that of a flowchart. 
It divides the problem to sub-problems in a way that it will not be overwhelming. This enables me to plan ahead and lessens the error I encounter.
Another lesson I have learned this week is about iteration constructs. Apparently, there are three types, such as, while, do while, and for. 
I used for loop and nested while in my program because this is the most appropriate one to use in the solution. 
For loop was used in the part where we need to promt the user to input the high and temperatures for days 1 to 4.
And nested while was used to say that there is an error in case the user exceeds -40 or 40 degrees for the low and high, 
and should the low temperature be higher than the high temperature. 

After successfully creating the program, I tested it using the white box technique. 
This technique enables you to determine which path the program will fail when tested its logic. 
I sampled different instances and see if the solution is still correct. After testing, I used IDE Debugging. 
This traced the errors in my program and helped me correct them.
Overall, this week added more knowledge in terms of programming. 
Not only that but it also exercises my logical skills.
 All of these will help me create appropriate and effective solutions. 
